JS: Allow many Array steps to be used in type-tracking (#16739)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/lib/change-notes/2024-06-14-type-tracking-array-steps.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Enabled type-tracking to follow content through arary methods
> * Improved modeling of `Array.splice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled type-tracking to follow content through array methods
* Improved modeling of `Array.prototype.splice` for when it is called with more than two arguments
```
